TIFU by letting my wife post an obscenely easter egged assignment to her students.
TIFU by Destroying an iPad before quitting my job
TIFU by moving my arm.
TIFU by eating my roommates cereal
TIFU by trimming my pubic hair in the shower without my glasses [NSWF]
TIFU by getting my best friend kicked out of his first day of college math
TIFU by offering my seat to an old lady on the bus
TIFU by having irregular periods.
TIFU when I gave blood and got on the college transit
TIFU by getting a depressed man in a fight with the Gods.
TIFU by pulling my girlfriends breast out.
TIFU by not putting my vibrator away.
TIFU by calling a USB port a hole.
TIFU by using my girlfriends bathroom
TIFU by taking the advice to research for a story I was writing too far.
TIFU by thinking one of my 'special needs' associates had an awesome new rap name
TIFU by forgetting to omit "DEEZ NUTS" in a rough draft turned into my professor
TIFU by chasing down my "brother"
TIFU by getting a job
TIFU by mooning my mother-in-law
TIFU by telling my friend that webcam naughtiness was easy... (NSFW)
TIFU by telling a "joke" during dinner
TIFU by wiping my ass with gum
TIFU by purchasing an iBUYPOWER Laptop
TIFU By Investing in frozen Hostess products as a teenager
TIFU by showing my coworkers how to use Google Earth.
TIFU by trying to access blocked websites.
TIFU by being 5'2 and Asian, CPS was called.
TIFU by assuming the wrong car was our Uber
TIFU by deciding that Adolf Hitler was one of my inspirations
TIFU while watching Anime.
TIFU by offending a room full of the visually impaired.
TIFU by "sweet talking" my girlfriend
TIFU By getting out of bed to pee
TIFU by burning down my parent's house
TIFU by leaving my front blinds open (Mildly NSFW)
TIFU by locking my own Steam account
TIFU by sending my son to school covered in vaseline
TIFU by licking my laptop charger.
TIFU by trying to help my friend get laid
TIFU by possibly interrupting a Bang Bros filming and maybe coming out in the background of one of their films
TIFU by accidentally making a school-wide keyboard shortcut
TIFU by spending the evening with someone I did not know.
TIFU by blowing my nose.
TIFU by quoting The Simpsons
TIFU by shitting my pants and ruining my friend's bathroom [NSFW]
TIFU by posting drugs to the local council
TIFU by starting an elementary school chapter of the Aryan Brotherhood.
TIFU by unknowingly exposing my flaccid manhood in front of my entire class.
TIFU by telling a shop assistant my girlfriend was a child
TIFU by dating a Tinder girl who happened to be a con artist and did porn. This is safe for work. True story.
TIFU By taking advice from Reddit, now I don't know what to do.
TIFU by saying thank you
TIFU by hitchhiking alone NSFW
TIFU by farting on a girl.
TIFU by overhearing my flatmate having sex.
TIFU by not saving her
TIFU by thinking Shia's "DO IT!" would be a good alarm clock.
TIFU by trying to be sexy on skype
TIFU by telling my friend that webcam naughtiness was easy... (NSFW)
TIFU by trusting a psycho with my manhood.
TIFU: maybe I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer ...
TIFU by replacing water with vodka
TIFU By Farting at Disneyland When I was Taking a Family Picture
TIFU by touching a girl's turd (nsfw)
TIFU by ordering a vibrator on Groupon.
TIFU by not looking at my friends dick pic long enough
TIFU by trying to lose my virginity to an escort
TIFU by trying a legendary stunt.
TIFU by sexually propositioning my cat.
TIFU by "masterbating" in front of an old man (NSFW).
TIFU by humiliating a guy with bad teeth at a Halloween party.
TIFU by asking a kid why she wasn't eating her dinner
TIFU by thinking my wife's new piercing was a fake.
TIFU by somehow being bad at parking
TIFU by delivering pizza too fast.
TIFU and woke up with a homeless man on my floor
TIFU by bragging to my boyfriend about my blowjob skills (NSFW)
TIFU by jacking off on the side of the road
TIFU by touching boobs for the first time (Semi-NSFW)
TIFU by offering to give my new waitress a lift home
TIFU By Shooting my mum in the face
TIFU - By making a Pokemon reference during sex.
TIFU by accidentally sending a raunchy text message to the new intern at my work
Tifu by taking it up the butt
TIFU My Indian dad who thinks I'm a virgin found one of my 'toys'
TIFU By Losing My Virginity
TIFU by having to take a shit on a hike with the girl I really liked after making a mountain goat call
TIFU by realizing I was supposed to go to college last week.
TIFU By letting my 3 year old use a public restroom.
TIFU by inviting a guest to a party. [NSFW]
TIFU by Stopping to help an injured dog.
TIFU by giving first time marijuana users extremely strong edibles.
TIFU by driving 3hrs to a college that I wasn't even enrolled in
TIFU by not realizing the consequences of a kitten's name
TIFU by popping a "pimple" at work.
TIFU by putting pizza into my eye
TIFU by hiding a burn from my overprotective mom
TIFU By going into the girls bathroom
TIFU:By making the same grammatical mistake over the course of 16 years.
TIFU by fucking a jar of peanut butter
TIFU by asking a kid in public, what happens when he doesn't behave
TIFU by anonymously swapping nudes
TIFU By making a toxic cigarette
TIFU by trying to unsheathe banana
TIFU By giving 50 cents to a homeless mans cup of coffee.
TIFU by trusting a professor would keep her word
TIFU by going to an abandoned zoo
TIFU by turning on a light
TIFU by using a Neti Pot to clean out my nose.
TIFU by having Siri announce my creepiness to the whole class.
TIFU by emailing my professor my masturbation, drinking and smoking schedule
Tifu by stopping a wedding proposal.
TIFU by browsing tifu wrong for the last month
TIFU by staring at a girl's ass right in front of her Dad
Tifu by being an awesome fiance.
TIFU by being socially awkward and accidentally breaking into the National Gallery
TIFU By telling my future employer to fuck off
TIFU by getting my haircut at Great Clips
TIFU by getting my college degree revoked.
TIFU by dropping a rotisserie chicken on the floor at WalMart.
TIFU by inviting my boss, ex-wife, neighbors, friends, family and every goddamn furry on the planet on a Skype group conversation
TIFU by offering money to see a naked hobo
TIFU by taking a photo before the shower
TIFU by trying to race undercover cops
TIFU by google image searching "black"
TIFU By getting wet next to a hot girl on my first day of college
TIFU by commenting in the wrong subreddit
TIFU by unwittingly offering a fired co-worker my sperm.
TIFU by leaving tifu on my screen at work
TIFU by letting my friend change the sounds on my phone.
TIFUpdate - going to an abandoned zoo
TIFU by paralyzing my patients face and scaring another patient away.
TIFU by shooting people with a Super Soaker while having a friend drive me around in their car.
TIFU by accidentally showing a nudey video of myself to my coworker.
TIFU by gassing and puking on disabled woman
TIFU by mocking a customer
TIFU by trying to show-off at Guitar Center and getting destroyed by a very young child.
TIFU by Bruising My Nipple (NSFW-ish)
TIFU by not listening to the teachers instruction
TIFU by leaving my Reddit page open at work
TIFU by allowing lustful guests to use my bathroom.
TIFU by sending my girlfriend to the hospital... with my wiener.
TIFU by not checking where the shower head was pointing. (Possibly NSFW due to the use of a couple words)
TIFU by shitting on my neighbors dog
TIFU by leaving my door open. NSFW
TIFU by taking a piss while on Chemotherapy
TIFU by holding in a sneeze but letting out a fart
TIFU by attempting the dick-in-a-popcorn bucket trick while at the movie theatre with my wife (semi-NSFW)
TIFU...By launching a covert pair of panties across the classroom at the beginning of a lecture
TIFU by laughing too hard at a Spiderman balloon
TIFU by having my entire office celebrate my false-birthday on 9/11
TIFU by letting a girl eat my a** (Kinda NSFW??)
TIFU by wearing my chicken hat and then complementing a stranger on her vagina.
TIFU by accidentally urinating in my GF's mouth (NSFW)
TIFU by taking multi vitamins with iron [NSFW]
TIFU by interrupting my psychology teacher.
TIFU by thinking a funeral was a wedding.
TIFU by calling a girl a guys name during fun time [NSFW]
TIFU by accidentally entering the wrong toilets.
TIFU by using my electric toothbrush as a vibrator
TIFU by tell my wife to fuck me with that cock. NSFW
TIFU by masturbating while my dad was in the room
TIFU by failing at road head [NSFW]
[TIFU] by pranking my girlfriend... which led to embarrassment at work. ~very slightly NSFW~
TIFU by cumming on my date's face [NSFW]
TIFU by trying to be classy like my grandma. NSFW
TIFU by laughing at a guy in another bathroom stall
TIFU by dating with crazy Tinder chick
TIFU by finding a bag of weed on the ground.
TIFU by forgetting that I share my Netflix account with family
TIFU by forgetting about cameras in 24/7 gym
TIFU by licking chocolate from the tip of my 2 years old son finger.
TIFU by sleeping with my crush
TIFU by stupidly wasting 16 years of my life!
TIFU by letting my little brother see my sex toys
TIFU by peeing in a cup on a bus
TIFU by telling a girl how her vagina works. [NSFW]
TIFU I HAVE A HOT DATE WITH THIS GIRL TOMORROW AND I USED NAIR HAIR REMOVAL ON MY BALLS AND ITS BURNING WITH THE POWER OF A THOUSAND SUNS IM FCKIN DYING
TIFU by texting my sister instead of my friend
TIFU by tearing my penis
TIFU by assuming a laxative didn't work
TIFU by pranking a friend with a nuclear attack
TIFU by accidentally bleaching my asshole... NSFW
TIFU by taking the wrong pill
TIFU By Stealing my Sister's Dildo
TIFU by punching a disabled kid
TIFU by calling a leadership ballot
TIFU by using "toothpaste"
TIFU by using a gaming mouse to skype
TIFU by planting a bean.
TIFU by watching gay porn
TIFU by giving my girlfriend a key.
TIFU by giving a house key to my ex...and my new FWB
TIFU...by being on tumblr in front of my dad.
TIFU by pranking my roommate my scrambling all his eggs, putting the scrambled eggs back in the carton, and telling him he bought "Pre-Scrambled Eggs".
TIFU by having diarrhea in the background of a proposal
TIFU by kicking my dog in the balls.
TIFU by knocking a child out with my dog
TIFU.... by having a bravery malfunction, and seeking revenge whilst in an unfit state
TIFU by boiling my Goldfish
TIFU By Looking at Snapchat in Class
TIFU by letting my older sister borrow my computer
TIFU by farting in my co-workers face
TIFU by brushing my dog on my balcony
TIFU by making Two Minute Noodles
TIFU by leaving my bedroom door open
TIFU by performing a flawless yoga trouser trumpet
TIFU by assuming "flaccid" meant "ice cream headache" as a child.
TIFU by throwing a pregnant spider at my Tv
TIFU by believing something I read on reddit
TIFU by wearing the wrong shirt
TIFU by illegally (and accidentally) crossing the Malaysia/Singapore border.
TIFU by Introducing My Girlfriend to My Little Friend (NSFW)
TIFU by being a tall, bearded man
TIFU by selling on eBay which lead to the Secret Service showing up at my work.
TIFU by stealing $34,000 worth company time, browsing reddit &amp; getting fired. (Not funny, actually pretty devastating)
TIFU by using electricity improperly in the 90's
TIFU by asking my wife to be a stripper
TIFU by asking the hot girl in school out
TIFU by fucking "Up"
TIFU by buying a hard drive too cheaply.
TIFU by complimenting a lady's pants
TIFU By Exposing A Co-Workers Pornographic Side Job.
TIFU by flying too often to the wrong places.
TIFU by talking to the police...
TIFU by seeing my friend one last time before I move away.
TIFU by shaving my balls
TIFU by not working on my final project
TIFU by making and detonating a bomb at school
TIFU by enjoying a good cannoli...
TIFU by killing overtime for an entire office
TIFU by tripping on salvia during a 8.4 magnitude earthquake
TIFU by taking my roommates panties and leaving them on my bed
TIFU by buying a lock for my bike
TIFU by getting my girlfriend's sister expelled
TIFU by thinking "secrete" meant to keep a secret.
TIFU by filling a room with chlorine gas. And then with hydrogen gas.
TIFU by believing I looked attractive...
TIFU by eating clams before activating a visa (NSFW)
TIFU taking photos in GTA San Andreas.
TIFU by letting my girlfriend go on a date with a guy 3 years ago.
TIFU by ... well, it was a lot of things, but it all started with a bird.
TIFU by doing my mom a favor. NSFW
TIFU by leaving my account logged in
TIFU by using MS Paint to destroy my boss.
TIFU by farting in front of my wife.
TIFU by trying to wax my vagina
TIFU by cumming in my pants at the gym
TIFU by giving my 12 year old sister a vibrator for her birthday
TIFU by making out with my same-sex friend for years, platonically
TIFU By ejaculating on my dad
TIFU by not passing the "sniff and critique test".
TIFU by stupidly/hilariously not losing my virginity. NSFW
TIFU by eating a penny for 10 bucks.
TIFU by accidentally challenging my girlfriend's mom's farting abilities.
TIFU and was fined for multiple false alarms to the police
TIFU by accidentally poisoning my bf (nsfw)
TIFU by getting too excited on an airplane
TIFU by sexting my coworker
TIFU by quoting "The Princess Bride" at a restaurant.
Tifu by running down the stairs nude.
TIFU by trying to surprise my girlfriend for our 2 year anniversary
TIFU by swallowing
TIFU by telling my girlfriend I have never loved her.
TIFU by scarring a father and child
TIFU by asking my boyfriend's family for his D.
TIFU by having morning birthday sex.
TIFU by asking my wife to be a stripper: UPDATE
TIFU by popping a wheelie
TIFU by castrating my buddy and breaking my leg.
TIFU by saying, "Chicken noodle soup," to a girl in my class.
TIFU by playing truth or dare blackout drunk
TIFU by taking a sick day
TIFU By going to my favorite restaurant as a first date.
TIFU By Trying to Kill a Spider
TIFU by asking my boyfriend to call me his little whore
TIFU by I looking at kinky porn while connected to my work VPN [slightly NSFW?]
[NSFW] TIFU by killing a spider while jerking off.
TIFU by tucking in my sister [NSFW]
TIFU by saying I was okay with it. [NSFW]
TIFU By apparently swearing in arabic.
TIFU by taking a picture of my boobs
TIFU by urinating on a roach.
TIFU by going over a girl's house thinking I was gonna get laid
TIFU by using a fake name
TIFU by getting me and my boss fired instead of promoted.
TIFU by not checking my phone and starting a manhunt
TIFU by calling a kid a bad name
TIFU by giving a girl my number
[TIFU] By trying to be a nice guy
TIFU by low key impersonating Gollum whilst threatening my co worker
TIFU by Not looking at what I put in my mouth...
TIFU by going over a girl's house who led me to believe i was going to get laid. (What actually happened that night)
TIFU by ignoring mom's advice multiple times and consequently ruining my life (twice)
TIFU by saying hey to a co-worker
[Official] New Moderators Applications!
TIFU by leaving my reddit account signed in on the school laptops
TIFU by not watching a YouTube video before putting it on my PowerPoint
TIFU by deepthroating a pack of Oreos in class
TIFU by saying Uranus was bleeding to my students.
TIFU by getting chased by a giant flaming spider.
TIFU by calling a boy after drinking a bottle of wine.
TIFU by agreeing to a blind date.
TIFU by getting an involuntary enema on a water slide and then leaking all over the water park NSFW
TIFU by breaking my back during a seizure
TIFU by giving my son a train
TIFU by jumping on a complete random stranger thinking that he was my bff
TIFU by handing food to brown people.
TIFU by introducing myself to my university class as a "sauce lover"
TIFU by not burning my house down.
TIFU by falling for my own prank and thinking I had knocked up a stranger
TIFU by accidentally activating Siri in class.
TIFU by wearing earbuds to bed
TIFU by accidentally violating man code
TIFU by taking a picture of a happy dog.
TIFU By being efficient
TIFU by cheating at heads-up-7-up.
TIFU by making a Caterpillar extremely dizzy.
TIFU by accepting a homeless man's lewd proposition
TIFU by getting drunk for a uni class
TIFU by not checking the seat.
TIFU by checking on my Twitter bot at work
TIFU by throwing away $738 in cash
TIFU by petting a kitty.
TIFU by asking a girl why she sounded like Batman
TIFU
TIFU by "letting" a stranger into my access-controlled apartment building because he was black.
TIFU by falling for an optical illusion.
TIFU by getting customs in Australia thinking I was smuggling a pig in my suitcase
TIFU by waking up my wife before I left for work.
TIFU by trying out my bondage straps
TIFU by almost getting snatched by a pedo because I didn't know they targeted boys
TIFU my life, my job and my degree all at once
TIFU by not commicating with my boyfriend about our minor medical conditions
TIFU by busting in on my naked Boss
TIFU by accidentally teaching my 2-yr-old to ask his teacher for a blowjob
TIFU by pooping at my girlfriend's parents' house
TIFU by ruining $1000+ worth of sushi.
TIFU by stealing a piece of my kids candy
TIFU by calling a fat guy an "obese fuck"
TIFU By taking a prescribed sleeping med and sleeping over at my girlfriends parents house
TIFU by realizing I'm in love with my best friend - at her wedding
TIFU by putting the wrong pussy on a pedestal
TIFU by buying condoms from Amazon
TIFU by explain to a girl how Tinder dates work while my dick was in her mouth
TIFU by laughing at my wife for farting
TIFU by letting my parents discover my 8inch black double ended dildo
TIFU by blowing my nose
TIFU by automatically accepting any skype call
TIFU by seeing if Google Now can understand a fart
TIFU by trying to drunkenly intiate sex by telling my SO "but it's cock-toberfest!"
TIFU by trying hiring an escort
TIFU by making my wife a dildo
TIFU by buying $200 worth of steak out of fear
TIFU by getting a blowjob
TIFU by accidentally outing my friend as gay
TIFU by thinking getting my monthly period was normal
TIFU by almost having sex with a mentally retarded girl.
TIFU by throwing a party while my mom was out of town.
TIFU by turning on my Beats Wireless headphones
TIFU by going to the Deep Web
TIFU by allowing my mom to taste my ejaculate
TIFU by using John Cena to wish my friend a happy birthday
TIFU and got stabbed by a crazy old lady.
TIFU by farting on an airplane
TIFU by holding the door open for a girl.
TIFU by trying to buy a cat while tripping on shrooms
TIFU by sneaking the family dog into the hospital to see my dying wife.
TIFU by thinking that she was awake...
Tifu by accidently playing porn hub at a funeral!!
TIFU by thinking the "Strictly Platonic" section of Craigslist actual meant strictly platonic.
TIFU by trying to be sexy - Killed the mood.
TIFU by meeting a hearthstoner (NSFW)
TIFU by getting Taylor Swift to block me on Facebook.
TIFU by taking Xanax before a job interview
TIFU by not realizing what a rubber is.
TIFU by opening a text message
TIFU by telling my GF, "just stick your whole hand in there"
[meta] So many "TIFU" are becoming humblebrags now. The NSFW tag is becoming equivalent to clickbait.
TIFU by faking sick to get out of missing a test
TIFU by showering with the door slightly ajar.
TIFU By putting on my seat belt and scaring everyone.
TIFU by eating breakfast on my anniversary.
TIFU by cheating on my girlfriend of 7 years.
TIFU going to my girlfriend's parents house for dinner.
TIFU by asking a woman if she needed a hand.
TIFU By getting a guy caught cheating on his wife.
TIFU by melting my fingers and as a result confirmed I am indeed a complete idiot. (NSFW)
TIFU By not talking to my dad for 15 years.
TIFU by showing my friend texts between me and a girl
TIFU by taking a day for my mental health.
TIFU as a waiter, im 18.
TIFU by unjamming and lubricating my paper shredder
TIFU by having an embarrassing ringtone
TIFU by asking Reddit for relationship advice after I found an ovulation kit and pregnancy tests in my GF's drawer when we agreed not to have kids right away.
TIFU by bringing my niece and nephew to McDonald's.
TIFU by dropping a deuce on a kid
TIFU At hair removal
TIFU by telling my dog "get it"
TIFU by being courteous during a presentation by not looking at my phone
TIFU by entering a ramen eating contest
TIFU After Dinner with My GF's Parents
TIFU by telling someone a joke who can't take a joke
TIFU by emotionally blackmailing an Apple Store employee
TIFU by parking my car on campus
